returnTypeOfMethod,nberOfParam,nameOfMethod,owner
void,0,Repair,ArmorTest
void,1,Tank,ArmorTest
public,0,Bullet,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
public,1,DeadException,ArmorTest
public,0,HeavyArmor,ArmorTest
void,0,Repair,ArmorTest
void,1,Tank,ArmorTest
public,0,Laser,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
public,0,LightArmor,ArmorTest
void,0,Repair,ArmorTest
void,1,Tank,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
public,0,ReflectiveArmor,ArmorTest
void,0,Repair,ArmorTest
void,1,Tank,ArmorTest
public,0,Rocket,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
void,1,Damage,ArmorTest
public,2,Client,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarOfTypeHybrid,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarOfTypeLimousine,Car factory
string,0,ReturnCarType,Car factory
string,0,ReturnCarType,Car factory
string,0,ReturnCarBrand,Car factory
public,0,OpelFactory,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarTypeHybrid,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarTypeLimousine,Car factory
string,0,ReturnCarBrand,Car factory
public,0,ToyotaFactory,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarTypeHybrid,Car factory
string,0,CreateCarTypeLimousine,Car factory
string,1,ChangeClothes,Abstract Factory
string,1,TakeShower,Abstract Factory
ICharacter,0,CreateCharacter,Abstract Factory
IHouse,0,CreateHouse,Abstract Factory
IFood,0,CreateFood,Abstract Factory
string,1,GoShopping,Abstract Factory
string,0,Cook,Abstract Factory
string,0,Build,Abstract Factory
string,0,Decorate,Abstract Factory
string,0,Clean,Abstract Factory
string,1,ChangeClothes,Abstract Factory
string,1,TakeShower,Abstract Factory
ICharacter,0,CreateCharacter,Abstract Factory
IHouse,0,CreateHouse,Abstract Factory
IFood,0,CreateFood,Abstract Factory
string,1,GoShopping,Abstract Factory
string,0,Cook,Abstract Factory
string,0,Build,Abstract Factory
string,0,Decorate,Abstract Factory
string,0,Clean,Abstract Factory
public,2,CarDealer,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
void,1,MakeCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ToString,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,1,CompactCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ToString,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ReturnCarType,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,1,Hybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ToString,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ReturnCarType,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,1,Limousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ToString,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,OpelCompactCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,OpelFactory,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,CreateCarTypeHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,CreateCarTypeLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
CompactCar,0,AssembleCompactCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
Hybrid,0,AssembleHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
Limousine,0,AssembleLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
SUV,0,AssembleSUV,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,OpelHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,OpelLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,OpelSUV,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,1,SUV,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,ToString,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,ToyotaCompactCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,ToyotaFactory,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,CreateCarTypeHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
string,0,CreateCarTypeLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
CompactCar,0,AssembleCompactCar,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
Hybrid,0,AssembleHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
Limousine,0,AssembleLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
SUV,0,AssembleSUV,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,ToyotaHybrid,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,ToyotaLimousine,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,0,ToyotaSUV,AbstractFactoryCarDealer
public,2,Alcohol,visitor
void,1,Accept,visitor
public,2,Chocolate,visitor
void,1,Accept,visitor
void,1,Accept,visitor
new,0,List<IVisitable>,visitor
void,1,Accept,visitor
public,2,Parfume,visitor
void,1,Accept,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor
string,1,visit,visitor